RD-233 - Add customization support for Composer (#1578)
cloudify-cosmo/docs.getcloudify.org: content/developer/composer/customization.md

---

{{< param cfy_composer_name >}} application provides basic support for customizing the layout.
The main features are:

* adding custom logo and setting main application color
* styling the HTML elements
* changing text labels 

When introducing changes described in this page you should be aware that: 

* To see the applied changes you need to restart {{< param cfy_composer_name >}} 
service on the {{< param cfy_manager_name >}} machine by executing: 
```shell script
sudo service cloudify-composer.service restart
```
* In {{< param cfy_manager_name >}} Cluster environment, 
these changes should be applied to every {{< param cfy_manager_name >}} in the cluster

## Theme setup

{{< param cfy_composer_name >}} provides a way to introduce basic theme changes 
(eg. logo URL, main color, header text color) through user configuration file 
residing on the {{< param cfy_manager_name >}}.

To setup theme:

1. Create `userConfig.json` file in `/opt/cloudify-composer/backend/dev` directory.

1. An example file content may look like:
```json
    {
        "theme": {
            "logoUrl": "/composer/backend/userData/static/logo.png",
            "mainColor": "grey"
        }
    }

> ```

Author: Fixed.

Default configuration file is available at
`/opt/cloudify-composer/backend/conf/userConfig.json`.

> All parameters description is available in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All configuration parameters are described in
```

---
layout: bt_wiki
title: Customization
category: Composer
draft: false
weight: 600
userdata_path: "/opt/cloudify-composer/backend/dev"
config_path: "/opt/cloudify-composer/backend/conf"
---

> {{< param cfy_composer_name >}} application provides basic support for customizing the layout.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similar to the {{< param cfy_console_name >}} white labeling options, the {{< param cfy_composer_name >}} provides basic layout customization options.
```

> Main features are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The main supported features are:
```

> * adding custom logo and setting main application color

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Setting a custom logo
* Setting the main application color
```

> * styling the HTML elements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Styling the HTML elements
```

> * changing text labels 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Changing text labels 
```

> When introducing changes described in this page you should be aware that: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When introducing the changes described on this page, please note:
```

> * to see the applied changes you need to restart {{< param cfy_composer_name >}} 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To see the applied changes you need to restart the {{< param cfy_composer_name >}} 
```

service on the {{< param cfy_manager_name >}} machine by executing: 
```shell script
sudo service cloudify-composer.service restart
```

> * in {{< param cfy_manager_name >}} Cluster environment, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* In a {{< param cfy_manager_name >}} Cluster environment, 
```

> these changes should be applied to every {{< param cfy_manager_name >}} in the cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
these changes should be applied to every {{< param cfy_manager_name >}} in the cluster.
```

> ## Theme setup

Reviewer: Order in which information is given in this section is counter intuitive. What's in lines 49-53 is vital and should be placed immediately after line 35. It should be also explicitly stated what should be placed in the created file - the sentence 'Default configuration file is available at ...' doesn't really tell how created file is related to this default configuration file (overriding).
Example is least important and should be moved to the end.

Author: Changed it a bit.

{{< param cfy_composer_name >}} provides a way to introduce basic theme changes 
(eg. logo URL, main color, header text color) through user configuration file 
residing on the {{< param cfy_manager_name >}}.

> To setup theme create `userConfig.json` file in `{{< field "userdata_path" >}}` directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To setup a theme, create `userConfig.json` file in the `{{< field "userdata_path" >}}` directory.
```
